box: store space name and engine name in `index_def` for error reporting (#10083)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/ghe-787-fix-null-pointer-dereference-in-exact_key_validate.md

## bugfix/box

> * Fixed a null pointer dereference when an `ER_EXACT_MATCH` error occurred when trying to `get()` in a `read_view` from deleted space. (ghe-787).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a null pointer dereference when an `ER_EXACT_MATCH` error occurred on an attempt to call `get()` in a `read_view` from the deleted space. (ghe-787).
```

> * Fixed a null pointer dereference when an `ER_EXACT_MATCH` error occurred on an attempt to call `get()` in a `read_view` from the deleted space. (ghe-787).

Author: Fixed.
